[Applause]
[Music]
hey everyone welcome back to the channel
so today i finally saw venom let there
be carnage unfortunately in the uk the
film came out two weeks after the us
release so i'm sure a lot of you have
already seen it so let's get straight
into this spoiler review now i loved the
first venom film and so i was very
excited when i heard they were doing a
sequel
however
i'm afraid to say i was very
disappointed with this movie and it has
everything to do with the story in all
honesty i was very bored and they did
not use the one hour 30 minutes run time
very well at all a lot of it was focused
on the struggles between venom and eddie
mainly for comedic purposes which did
work at the beginning but it kept going
on and on and on and i was becoming
frustrated with how long they focused on
comedic scenes between the two the story
was all over the place and by the end i
couldn't really work out what the point
of this movie was
if it wasn't for the end credit scene
which i will get into in a minute then
this film would have felt entirely
pointless at the end of the first film
we saw venom and eddie getting along
finally and becoming good friends then
in this film they go back to having
struggles and then by the end they're
good friends again now that can work if
the story is good but unfortunately it
wasn't for such a big character like
carnage i was hoping to have them fully
utilize him but they really didn't
i didn't care for the villains at all
and their deaths were extremely
disappointing i was hoping to see a
fight scene even better than what they
did in the first film but it was so much
worse
the fight between carnage and venom was
just them jumping around and pushing
each other into walls
it was nothing special and actually
quite forgettable there isn't even much
to say about the score because i could
barely hear a theme
just overall a really disappointing
movie i loved the first film so to see
this one be the polar opposite is
actually quite confusing
the story felt rushed as if they had all
these ideas but never really wrote how
they connected or flowed so you are left
with a 1 hour 30 minute film that
doesn't really go anywhere i remember
multiple times looking at my watch to
see how long was left and you always
know a film hasn't got you gripped when
you start thinking about what scenes you
have not seen from the trailers yet and
i was doing that from around the
40-minute mark it feels like when they
were writing this film they thought
right we need venom to fight carnage and
we need to develop a relationship
between eddie and cassidy before they
fight and that was it they just filled
in the gaps with comedy
but i did think the relationship between
eddie and cassidy was good and probably
one of the strongest parts of the film i
also thought the cgi was incredible
which is one of the only good things
that carried on into the venom sequel i
really don't want to sound harsh or too
critical but when comparing this film to
the first film and to other superhero
films in general this really is one of
the weakest
the highlight of the movie was obviously
the end credit scene where venom gets
teleported to the main mcu timeline and
we see tom holland spider-man on the tv
so this means that venom is officially
in the mcu which i'm very happy about
because not only does that mean that
they are setting up a spider-man vs
venom movie but that means venom is now
in the mcu's hands so i'm hoping that
means they can create a much better
story than what we saw in venom let
there be carnage overall i would give
this movie a four and a half out of ten
and there isn't much more i can say
about it so make sure to let me know
what you thought of venom let there be
carnage in the comments below but that
is all for today's video thank you so
much for watching please make sure to
like and subscribe and turn on post
notifications so you never miss a video
i hope to see you here again soon so
until then have a great day bye